# languages-and-population
Of the more than 6,900 languages spoken worldwide, 10 languages are the mother tongue of half the world's population. The majority of the world's population also speak a second language. The paper first presents some background and then makes appropriate assumptions to model the to simplify the model. Papers will build a regression model of language, which is divided into the first language and the second language modeling. In the first language modeling, the growth coefficient of each language is calculated according to the influence of Malthusian Population Model and global population migration. In the second language modeling,we mainly study the factors that affect the usage of each language, including political, economic, military, cultural and other aspects of influence, and we have chosen three parameters to quantify this influence. The three parameters are calculated for each language Parameter value. According to the modeling results, we predict the population of each language in the next 10 years and 50 years and plot the population over time with MATLAB.We then select the top six languages, and according to the regional economic development situation we choose the address of a multinational branch, butthe suggestion made by us can be different between the next 10 years and the next 50 years. We then summarize the factors impactingon language usage and changes in users and geographic distribution. Finally, we analyze and summarize the advantages and disadvantages of the model and draw conclusions.
